I'm here at the Tiny Desk with some
pretty great news. Once again this year,
we are giving you the chance [music] to
step behind the scenes and experience an
actual Tiny Desk concert live in person
here at NPR headquarters in Washington,
D.C. [music] One lucky winner and a
friend will get free flights to D.C.,
two nights in a hotel, and of course a
guaranteed spot on the front row of a
Tiny Desk concert. You can even choose
which Tiny Desk you want to see, so it's
sure to be one you'll enjoy. It's
completely free to enter, just go to
npr.org/ tinydeskgiveaway by September
12th and follow the instructions to get
started. If you want to increase your
odds of winning, you can earn extra
entries by snagging some limited edition
Tiny Desk merch or by [music] making a
special donation to the NPR network.
Your support helps not only NPR, but our
network of over 200 local newsrooms
across the country. So please, be as
generous as you can, and maybe I'll see
you here at the desk. Good luck.